Say we're only accepting small bug fixes from the community (#169)
studiopress/genesis-custom-blocks: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request

> about: Thanks, but we're not adding new features

Author: It already says this on line 7 below.

But now we'd also say it before they click 'Feature request':

<img width="677" alt="Screenshot 2023-12-06 at 3 30 01 PM" src="https://github.com/studiopress/genesis-custom-blocks/assets/4063887/e0c125c9-1da1-43f1-bacf-31a52156cf82">

> about: Thanks, but we're not adding new features

Reviewer: What do you think about this @kienstra?

```suggestion
about: We're currently not adding new features or enhancements, but appreciate your interest. 
```

Author: Thanks, that's perfect.
